Yes, let's start.
First of all, I'm not late.
I'm a bird of the forest.
I'm a bird of the forest that has a flower bud.
I'm scared of that.
For the first time, a chicken has been taken from the parents' garden.
I'm a bird of the forest that has a flower bud.
The chicken is drinking and eating.
Where is the house? Where is the house?
When I wake up, I'm a bird of the forest.
I'm a bird of the forest that has no thoughts of birds or ants.
The rest of the house is a lonely man.
I'm a bird of the forest that has a black bird in its eyes.
I'm a bird of the forest mixed with sounds.
The 거自己の私がいたものになれた
What your opponent is
When he was talking to me, he looked at me calmly.
You look at me very well with those two heads.
What do you mean?
The queen isizers who were categories for you after the case.
That's why I finally found out what happened that day.
The Yokai Slence please make us proud
We rich and famous
Mountains Тыка иännюля
You may say that sorrow assassinates young one
My name is wasnubi confessing love.
All D tatan on the